PSMDB-812 Doc: Reworked ngram doc (#328)
percona/psmdb-docs: source/ngram-full-text-search.rst

.. full-text-search.ngram:

================================================================================
Additional text search algorithm - *ngram* 
================================================================================

The `ngram <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N-gram>`_ text search algorithm is useful for searching text for a specific string

> of characters in a field of a collection. This feature is useful for such languages as Korean, Chinese, or Japanese. It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of characters in a field of a collection. This feature can be used to find exact sub-string matches, which provides an alternative when parsing text from languages other than the list of European languages already supported by MongoDB Community's full text indexing. It
```
I wouldn't say that it is good for chinese, korean or japanese. Especially japanese has modifying endings on adjectives and verbs and ngram will not identify them as the same tokens.

At any rate I don't want to give the impression that CJK is well-supported by ngram.

Reviewer: I should have removed those claims about CJK support when I first saw that documentation; my bad.
